Add Another C# Example to use personal cache folder (#124)
actions/cache: examples.md

      ${{ runner.os }}-nuget-
```

Depending on the environment, huge packages might be pre-installed in the global cache folder.
If you do not want to include them, consider to move the cache folder like below.

> >Note: This workflow does not work for projects that require files to be placed in the global.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
>Note: This workflow does not work for projects that require files to be placed in user profile package folder
```
